Process for line detection
	- find edges by using Canny Edge Detector
	- blur image using gaussian blur
	- convert image to grayscale

finished converting to grayscale
finished blur image using gaussian blur - uses generic convolution
	was troublesome trying to adjust kernel for edges
added junit tests for all three grayscales and convolution effects


1/21/2013
	Canny algorithm mostly implemented, ran into issues:
		- how to handle image edges
		- finding strongest edge on gradient
		- performing hysterysis
		- building tests 
1/28/2013
	Canny algorithm implemented and tested
	- issues
		- fixing angles to point in the correct direction
			- learned that the angles vary from 0 to 180, where in reality they vary from -90 to 90. Had to re-engineer my code to work correctly with this.
			- figured out I was translating in the wrong pixel direction for two of my angles. This gave skewed results. Corrected the direction problem and
			  it fixed the transformation of the image.
			- figured out with hyserysis, it should run along the perpendicular angle rather than against the gradient. Fixed that to get better results.
		- fixed strength to be based off a simple 0 - 255 values (maxing at 1020) rather than the pixel values. 1020 is a better max number than 4 * 0xFFFFFFFF.

2/5/2013
	Line detection working with perfectly drawn lines
	-issues
		accounting for varience in either direction
		Top and bottom of line must be perfectly strait or cannot be recognized. 
			Working on fixing this by adding a varience account to see if the bottoms and tops connect


Final destination for project:
	To play a tic tac toe game by using a white board as input through a camera. The user draws a tic tac toe board on the white board and places the x's while the 
	computer plays and places the o's virtually.

Project plan by Week
Week 1:
	Converting to grayscale and convolution effects
week 2:
	Refactor convolution effects
	clean up excess files in svn
	figure out what to use in project ( correctness or robustness )
	figure out project plan up through week 6
	Implement and test Canny algorithm
week 3:
	Refactor canny algorithm
	Make tests for components of the canny algorithm
week 4:
Both target and threshold are for fixed sizes with no skewing
	Threshold: Recognize and give coordinates of a horizontal or vertical line
			Locate a collection of "on" pixels
			Determine if it is straight line
			Determine if it is vertical or horizontal
			Postponed - Determine if it is diagnal
			Get the starting and ending coordinates of the line
	Target: Recognize tic tac toe board and give coordinates
	Stretch: Be able to recognize a tic tac toe board of variable size and skewed lines up to either 5 or 10 degrees in either direction
week 5:
	finish line detection
		make line detection work with a little varience in angles and line abnormalities
		be able to trace tops and bottoms of line with varience
	be able to locate a tic tac toe board in an image
		Give same coordinates just like for line - top left x,y and bottom right x,y
	add game logic
		to determine game is over
		to determine whose turn it is
		to check for invalid moves
		handle errors - not super gracefully but enough to show an error message

	Threshold: 	finish line detection
			locate fixed size, perfectly drawn tic tac toe board
	Target: 	game logic
			Recognize X's inside of the spaces of the tic tac toe board
week 6: Feb 19
	Recognize tic tac toe board
		- Recognize projector shown board
		- get coordinates of lines in board
			- have coordinates of each of the 9 squares
	recognize X drawn in tic tac toe board
		- give coordinates of x (top left and bottom right)
		- recognize in confined space (eg. inside the coordinates of a tic tac toe space)
week 7: Feb 26
	Build game logic around drawn tic tac toe board and drawn x's
		- play game
			- have some start game button
			- respond to moves from the player
		- draw circles in the tic tac toe board for computer's turn
	Recognize Tic tac toe board being projected onto whiteboard
	Recognize X drawn on whiteboard
week 8: Mar 5
	polish program
		- make sure works smoothly
		- Fix recognizing tic tac toe board and X's if needed
		- test thoroughly with actual projector and white board
week 9: Mar 12?
	prepare for presentation
	polish program


Before presentation, meet with Matt for "Acceptence Test"







